README.md, before:

# ReadMe Generator

## Description
As a developer I want a way to quickly and efficiently use command prompts via node.js to create a Read Me file.  I've created this Read Me Generator to do just that.

## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation Instructions
In order to install my project you will need to have node.js installed as well as install the inquirer package from www.npmjs.com - once you have these two items you can use the node index.js prompt to launch the command line and it will begin asking questions.  Simply answer the questions and it will populate a readme for you.

## Usage
After writing a new program/ App having a thorough read me is crucial for end users.  This project will help speed up that process.

## Credits
Class Assignments

## License
MIT License
This project is using the MIT License.

## Contributing
If you'd like to contribute please feel free to reach out at swmcguire1@comcast.net

## Tests
Not Applicable in this project.

## Questions
If you have any questions or would like to see any of my other repositories feel free to connect via https://github.com/swmcguire
Any additional questions please reach out to me directly at swmcguire1@comcast.net

Commit message:

added the video to the readme

README.md, after:

# ReadMe Generator

## Description
As a developer I want a way to quickly and efficiently use command prompts via node.js to create a Read Me file.  I've created this Read Me Generator to do just that.

## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation Instructions
In order to install my project you will need to have node.js installed as well as install the inquirer package from www.npmjs.com - once you have these two items you can use the node index.js prompt to launch the command line and it will begin asking questions.  Simply answer the questions and it will populate a readme for you.

## Usage
After writing a new program/ App having a thorough read me is crucial for end users.  This project will help speed up that process.

![node.js terminal](./node.js%20image.png)
![node.js video](./node.js%20video.webm)

## Credits
Uof M classes/ Charlie (instructor)

## License
MIT License
This project is using the MIT License.

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 swmcguire

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

## Contributing
If you'd like to contribute please feel free to reach out at swmcguire1@comcast.net

## Tests
Not Applicable in this project.

## Questions
If you have any questions or would like to see any of my other repositories feel free to connect via https://github.com/swmcguire
Any additional questions please reach out to me directly at swmcguire1@comcast.net
